Added Day 6 progress (#245)
saiyam1814/DevOpsRoadmap2022: Shiwam Verma/day06/day6.md

# Completed devops pre-requisites course 

####Learnt the following stuff
   - Multiple VMs
      - How to connect multiple VMs
   - Vagrant
      - It combines following tasks in one command
         1. Download
         1. Create VM
         1. Create Networks
         1. Configure networking
         1. Configure Port Forwarding
         1. Boot up VM

- Revised concepts of DNS , Networking 
- Saw the practical use of DNS and Ports in VMs.

- Learnt about basic YAML.
---

# Completed YAML course by kunal kushwaha.
- Learnt about 
   - Serialization , DeSerialization
   - Benefits of YAML
   - Storing data in YAML

> - YAML is the language used in majority in kubenetes, Docker.
> - It's not difficult to write or unnderstand. It's like the next gen of json format.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- YAML is the language which is used in majority in Kubernetes & Docker Compose.
- It's not difficult to write or understand. It's like the next gen of JSON format. 
```
